The Joe Rogan experience. Often you guys do it once a week, twice a week,
twice a week.
I see Matt every Monday and Wednesday, really?
And you meet in the city at a studio or something, Mississippi in a studio.
And they, we had a lot of fighters on,
usually they're not in studio a lot of times they're Skyping. And that sucks.
I prefer in studio every.
Time I don't,
like I've only done a couple of Skypes to actually Snowden
and John Anthony West, who is, uh, more of my favorite guests ever.
He's an Egyptologist who is incredible,
a understanding of Egypt and the hieroglyphs.
And he had this great DVD series called magical Egypt. Um, just,
he just passed recently, amazing guy, but, um,
him just cause he was sick and he couldn't get in here and then, uh, snowed.
And obviously because he's on the moon.
Or wherever he is, he goes, that was weird. It's weird to do.
I don't like the Skype interviews. I prefer them to the phone though,
because guys would call on their way to practice. Like, you know what I mean?
But have cowboy on the phone, they'd be in,
they just drive and go on and do something and you hear the wind and you
couldn't get anything.
Done. Well, the weird thing about the Snowden one too,
was it wasn't just that it was remote.
It was also like what we're talking about, like who he is and what,
what his situation is that he's trapped in Russia. Allegedly. I mean,
you might be in Cleveland who the knows where he is, but that he's, you know,
got this situation where he's never going to really be able to come back to the
United States unless they, you know, work out some sort of a deal.
And even then he's not going to believe them. You know what I mean?
I wouldn't believe him. I probably would. Neither.
Didn't he say no about UFO's though. They,
they didn't you ask him and he said that he hadn't seen evidence. You haven't.
Seen evidence,
but how much did he look into and how much was available to him and, you know,
w where, where is that kind of evidence? If there is any of that stuff?
I don't know, maybe.
On a closed system too. I don't, I don't want to.
Not believe in UFO's I resist it. I resist it hard. I'm not rational about it.
It's been an uptick in UFO stuff recently.
Yeah. Yeah. I wonder why I wonder what that is space for us. Um,
you know what I think, honestly,
it is at this when the New York times had that thing where they were talking
about all the different re reported UFO sightings that are reputable from
people like David Fravor and you know,
these air force guys that are like,
otherwise rock solid individuals who talk about their experiences.
But my problem with it,
my legitimate problem with me as a human being is I want it to be real.
So when people don't think it's real, like, oh, that's all. I'm like, no,
it's real. Like I'm not, I'm not, um,
objective unbiased, like legitimately biased.
And I know it and I'm, I come on, man, wife, why is so biased about this?
It's it's a weird one. Like, I want it to be real, so much,
like talking to Bibles are like, God, I hope he's telling the truth.
I'm sure this was a theory because it's no way to be proven.
But I saw someone online,
like postulate that the uptick in alien stuff could be like us
coming from the future.
I've heard that too. That the idea is that what, what the grays are,
and this is something that I've personally thought,
I think independently was that if you look at human beings and you look at say a
gorilla, right, you look at a gorilla, was his big,
hairy animal thing. And then you slowly turn that into, well,
I guess we didn't really come from gorillas. We came from chimps, but champs,
you know, monkeys, lower hominids Australia. [inaudible] you know, and then,
you know, ancient man, right?
And then all these different versions of what we are until we become
right now, homosapien 2020. Well, what are we w how do we look different? Well,
unless you're someone who works out a lot,
you're losing a lot of your musculature. You're not as dense.
You're not as hairy. You know, when you see like,
I'm that killer wrestler from Russia. Remember when we showed videos of that,
dude. I'm trying to remember his name.
Rostom. Yeah. Rustam uh.
Is it on.
[Inaudible] he's a, this tank of a man that's covered in hair,
but he looks like someone from the past, you know, when,
when he's throwing people around this giant,
hairy back and hair all over his chest and arms, you always,
th this is that guy, but that, that almost,
he almost looks like a normal human there, but there's some,
some videos of him when he's grappling. I mean, like that one right there,
where he's got the double flex, the red one, right above that. Yeah. Like,
look how hairy that is. That guy that's from another time. Yeah.
That is from another time. I mean, that guy, you could call him his chest hair.
My, we were talking about aliens and I was saying,
if you look at people like that, like real hairy testosterone filled savages,
like this guy was an elite wrestler. He's a killer grappler.
And then you look at aliens.
If you look at chimps to that guy to aliens,
what's happening well,
what's happening is we're getting less hairy and we're getting smaller and
weaker. Right?
We're getting more and more like when an alien looks like an aliens,
have no genitals, they have no mouse. They're just as smooth,
skinny thing with his big head. And these big, weird eyes,
like when we get rid of the need,
if we evolve past the need for physical strength,
if we evolve past the need for, you know, sex,
if sex is the, no,
we don't reproduce any longer through just normal biological male,
female sex. If they've, you know, who,
who knows a million years from now a hundred thousand years now,
we might decide that one of the biggest problems that face as human beings on
earth is our emotions are our desire for sex
biology, all of our animal instincts that we still hold on to,
and we could evolve past those,
just like we're so much different than chimps are. We're so much different.
We used to be when we were lower hominids, we've evolved.
We evolved to the point where we're communicating with words,
we're using phones. We fly in planes. We have technology,
but also our bodies are softer and our bodies are less VE they're the less,
there's not as strong. They're not as animalistic and explosive.
And if it continues along that path,
especially aided by technology when we don't have any need,
especially if you have these big, giant brains,
and we can use telepathy to communicate,
we can communicate through some other way, maybe even electronically enhanced,
maybe you know, something in their brain.
But when you look at an alien with the big head in the little tiny body,
that's what a person is probably going to become. Our heads are way bigger.
Our brains are bigger than other hominids and other, other primates.
Our bodies are softer and weaker. And if you just keep going with that,
that's what happens. But do.
They have no genitals though? That's been like, or is it something that the,
at least the phone or the repeal of say they are?
Are they just wearing something that hides her genitals? Like,
I don't know if they have no time. I mean, that's pushing hard for them.
You'd also, it could be no genitals, but it also could be.
Those aren't even biological things anymore.
It could be that human beings become some sort of cybernetic,
some sort of cyborg. Look, if you think about body parts, right?
Like we, if we start replacing body parts, like I met a gentleman the other day,
I did this, um, benefit, pull it, the guy, what is the guy's name?
The Australian gentlemen, who was a,
a soldier lost both his arm and his leg in a shark attack.
I did a benefit the other day with him, for the Australian wildlife.
He's got a carbon fiber arm and a carbon fiber legs. It's crazy.
Shakes your hand, like grips it with his carbon fiber hand. And you know,
right now you can tell the difference between his carbon fiber hand,
this electronic hand and his other hand, but maybe a hundred years from now,
you won't be able to, and maybe in the future,
it's better to have one of these artificial bodies than it is to have a
biological body that can break and get all up. And you feel pain.
We're replacing things all the time. We're,
we're replacing body parts all the time with operations.
And we use organic substitutes. Paul Dick elder. Yes.
That's the man shout out to Paul. Um, yeah, we, uh, we did this Australian, um,
benefit with Jim Jefferies and, um,
Moni Franklin and Whitney Cummings the other night for the Australian, uh,
wildfire, um, for wildlife relief,
they lost a billion animals in that fired a billion Jesus. It's crazy. Yeah.
Anyway, in the future,
maybe they'll get to the point where they'll have limbs that are better than the
limbs we have. Like, what are you doing with these biological limbs?
Jimmy upgrade case have a alien body, you know.
Believe dude, I, you know, I, I saw the Lasar documentary. You had him in,
I enjoyed it. I didn't see the whole interview, but what I saw, I liked a lot.
I just, I, I,
there's always that one place with conspiracy that I there's always a gap.
I cannot cross. And for me, it's the degrees.
I just can't get beyond the degrees being gone, the twos degrees,
I can't get beyond it. And I want to, I want to,
I would much rather believe in UFO's than not believe in them.
Well, he's clearly educated. And he,
he says he worked for Los Alamos labs and they sent him to MIT to work on top
secret projects. There's clear evidence that he worked at Los Alamos labs.
Ashley, do me a favor, go to, uh, Jeremy, did you go to Jeremy's? Um,
uh, I think it's on his Instagram page. He has this thing.
It might be on his Twitter. He has this thing where he, uh,
has George Knapp explain all the different things.
He went through to prove that Bob Lozar was legit.
One of them being that he definitely worked at Los Alamos.
He was even in the employee registry, even though they said he didn't. Yeah.
Play that and give me some volume.
Those central question for me about Bob was, did he work at Los Alamos lab?
If he worked there on classified projects,
it is plausible that he could work at RA 51 at papoose lake on other
stuff. Did he work there? I can tell you flat out.
He did a hundred percent certain that he did.
I found his name in the phone book.
I found his name in an article in the Los Alamos newspaper.
I talked to people who were there and finally, Bob took me there.
He took me into the lab, waved at the security guys. We brought a camera along.
This guy was familiar.
It was like a rabbit running through a borough that he had traveled every day.
And he's waving at security guys and walking into all these buildings.
He knew his way around. He'd been there before. They knew him. They let him in.
They let me in. I interviewed people. He worked with, they said he was there.
We proved it. And yet the paper trail ends at a certain point.
We don't have any records. We can't find anything.
They had already told me they had the records.
As soon as I think I'm getting close, they yank the rug out from under me.
He took a lie detector test. He passed all of them.
I know it doesn't mean anything. But look, this is,
we're talking about the 1980s.
They'd get away with a lot back then in terms of erasing your history. And, um,
his, his education is undeniable in terms of what he knows. He's a,
he's a brilliant guy. When you talk to him, he's not faking anything.
He's not like he doesn't have any holes in his understanding,
his knowledge of physics, or, you know, I don't know if he's telling the truth,
but again, I'm not, I'm not a objective. I'm biased. I want to believe.
I want to.
Believe as well. I can't get beyond the school. Things that my,
into me that says he's not being truthful. Well, the MIT.
Thing I'll tell you this.
He told me that they sent him from Los Alamos labs to there,
to work on something. And I'll tell you what it is off air.
But I told him I wouldn't, I wouldn't talk about it during the podcast,
because you're going to hear when I tell you you're going to go, holy.
And I'll make a little more sense. It's um, I don't know. You know,
it's again, I'm a loser. I want it to be real.
No, but it can be real. I just, but I mean, I.
Want it to be, so I'm not looking at it. I'm not, I'm not, you're.
Very biased and I'm invested. I'm not, I mean, I'm not invested anymore.
Like even the, uh, the, the, uh, the three Naval videos,
I'm like whenever a sees something that tick tag video.
But now that there's something that they're saying, that's making me go.
That might be man-made because they're saying something about,
if we were to reveal this, it would compromise national security.
No, no. They could reveal all the files they have on these UFO incidents.
It would compromise national security. First of all,
because it will compromise there.
If they reveal how they know that something is blocking radar,
that object, whatever it was was actively jamming radar. I had commander Fravor,
the guy who filmed that thing,
the guy who was there and who reported that thing, I had him here.
He said that thing went from 60,000 feet down to 200 in less than a second.
There's nothing that we have that can do that.
He said that the thing moves so fast, it made this, this travel in this radar,
you know, radar is a blip, right? It's like BIP, BIP, BIP, Mattoon,
one blip to another, it had moved in a preposterous speed.
You couldn't even track it. It was, it was moving so fast.
They don't know if it did it in less than a second,
or if it did it in one second, but whatever it was,
the amount of distance that has traveled is impossible.
What ha did they have the laws of physics as we understand.
They see it. Uh, could they see with the naked eye as.
Well? Yes. They can see it with the naked eyes under the water. Yes.
You could see the video. You could see the thing on video.
You could see the thing on video, move off.
You can see that it's actively jamming radar.
You can see that they're trying to track it and stay with it,
but it's moving too fast.
Something they said recently that made me think, oh, that might be manmade.
And I forget it was something to do with compromising national security or
whatever the quote was. I was like,
that sounds like something that that's man-made and they're worried,
they'll compromise something that they've created. I know what you're saying.
But here's the thing, like, whatever it is someone made, okay.
If it's not man, then it's something from another planet. Maybe it is manmade.
Maybe it is some project that the government has, but whatever it is,
it's something that moves at an insane speed that we're not capable of
understanding is in terms of what,
what the average person who understands propulsion and engines and combustion,
all those people.
Let's see when pilots say stuff.
I listened to it because they understand those things. I don't like for me,
I don't know how things are supposed to move, but they do.
So when they're confused by something,
that's what got me interested was when the time is, did the article on those.
So I really started going, like, I, I started, you know,
watching and reading and I'm like, I want to believe,
I just can't find anything that doesn't have a gap that I can't cross.
Well, you should talk to Fravor. He's a rock solid guy. And he's very,
it's very compelling when you talk to him in person,
because he doesn't want to have anything to do with these non interested at all.
He wanted to tell his story because he felt like they're not being honest about
it. And that people really should know that there's some things that we don't
understand. And that these guys that are down in San Diego that were, uh,
at this air force base,
they were seeing these things like fairly recently before his, his experience,
they'd seen one like in the last couple of weeks, I think it was.
And then they find them on the east coast, too, same thing.
And they move in the same way that Bob Lasar,
these things that he worked on area,
[inaudible] the same way where there's something called element one 15,
that Bob Lasar described in the late eighties, early nineties,
they didn't even know it was real until 2013.
He was describing it long before it was ever proven to be an actual thing long
before they ever created it with a particle accelerator. You.
Don't have to remind me. This was my, and again,
I I'm basing this only on opinion. I have no facts for this.
When I listened to him, he re he, my first thought was after these things,
that don't line up. Oh, he took somebody's story.
What he's saying is somehow true, but he's telling somebody else's story. Yeah.
And that may be a total lie,
but that's just what that was my head told me was because he knows so much.
And yet, how do they make your education disappear?
Like not, not hard, not hard. In the 1980s. I went to school with him,
have talked about it. That's.
What I want to hear from. Oh yeah. He went to school with them.
Well, he, they have records of people that went to school with him.
We've talked about it. Also.
They have records of people that work with him at Los Alamos labs.
They've talked about it. Have they talked to publicly?
Because that's what I haven't heard. We talked to George Knapp. I know that.
I want to hear who these people are. Not, not in equation,
but I want it to be true. Like I want people to go. I go, yeah. He was in my,
my class going to talk to on.
The podcast where he went back and found these guys that he worked at the lab
with. He worked at Los Alamos lab for sure.
And he worked on top secret nuclear projects and he worked in propulsion and
that's one of the reasons why they send them to this area as for,
because he put a jet engine in a Honda in the 1980s
and.
You know, he's the, guy's a super genius. And so when he.
Did this, they were like, well,
this guy has a very intense understanding of combustion engines and propulsion
and all these different things that he's creating. And so like,
let's see if this guy can crack this crazy nut. Yeah.
And so they were just bringing scientists to try to get a different perspective
on these crafts and the one that he was working on,
or one of them that he's working on.
They said that they had found in an archeological dig.
That's where it gets really crazy. Like they found this thing,
what he was working on, they think would he read,
was that what the government was telling them when they were working
there, when they were briefing him was that human beings are the
product of science projects that human beings were created
when many, many thousands of years ago, hundreds,
whatever millions of years ago, however long it was now,
aliens came down here and did experiments with lower
hominids.
They did experiments with primates and added their DNA and manipulated the DNA
to create human beings. I have.
Great question. And it's not that I, I,
cause I don't know enough about it to convince you otherwise, but I just don't,
but I'm kind of hoping you can convince me if they made the school records
disappear. Right?
Why do they leave the records that we just saw from that place?
They didn't know they were there that that's somebody had a copy of the, the,
um, the registry for the, that place.
Someone who worked there during the same time he did how to copy the registry.
Do they, they didn't just eliminate his,
he eliminated his social security number.
They eliminated a lot of to, to the 1980s.
They can make you effectively disappear. Yeah.
I'm sure they can. I mean, the A's paper trails were a little bit different,
but it's just, I can't get beyond the two degrees. And I, I,
again, I want, I want to, I'm sure I've heard him interviewed.
He's a very compelling guy not to harp on. And I just, you.
Did, two degrees are not hard. That's not hard to get past.
That's not hard to eliminate.
What's hard is understanding all the things he understands when it comes to
science without an education, the way he talks about it.
Have you ever seen the videos where he's describing it in the late eighties?
Yeah. It's exactly the same as he describes it now. Exactly the same,
no variation whatsoever. That's kind of what I tell a story 40 years ago.
And then I asked you again today to tell me that same story,
most bullshitters are going to have some holes in that story and change it.
And it doesn't mean he's telling the truth, but he's been insanely consistent.
Most.
Thing too, that a lot of times, truth tellers have things changed.
That's what eye witness testimony is.
So unreliable because even a truth teller will make mistakes over time.
If it's a, if it's a story that I've created,
I think I'm less likely to forget details if I've created it because I have a
beginning, middle and end to it.
Right. But it's very complicated. What he's saying,
what he's saying is very complicated in the descriptions of them with
descriptions of these crafts and the way the propulsion system works.
And the fact that it uses this incredibly dense element that doesn't even exist
on earth in, you know, 1989 or whatever it was.
But now they've found actually as a real thing, like that element one 15,
that was, that was, people were saying that science fiction,
you're making things up.
But now that they have created it in particle accelerators. So like, oh, okay,
this is a real thing.
Now what if there is a planet that has a completely different atmosphere,
completely different relationship with its star and element one 15 is common.
Like they find things in asteroids all the time that are very,
very rare on earth, but very common in space.
It's one of the ways that they know whether or not we've been impacted.
Like one of the ways that they know that the Yucatan was hit with his gigantic
asteroid that killed the dinosaurs 65 million years ago is a layer of
Iridium at 65 million years. Iridium is very,
very rare on earth, but very common in space.
And this layer of it,
this dense layer at 65 million years ago shows that that's when it was hit
that this giant chunk of space rocks slammed into the earth and killed
everything. Yeah. I know. Look,
I like the fact that you're skeptical. I'm very skeptical. Wish I was more.
And I don't,
I don't want to be because I really want to believe it because it also gives us
a hope that we have some kind of a possible and mortality summer, believe me,
I'm like Ray Kurzweil as much as anybody does. He gives us all hope. Um,
but I just, I keep getting to a sticking point every single time.
There's something I can't get beyond. Um,
when it comes to that conspiracy, I know what you mean.
I know what you mean. It's look, I thought it was all horse for a long time.
I was, I was like, I was mocking it all for a long time.
And then Jeremy Corbell,
his documentary really flipped a switch with me and was like,
God it is this real.
And then getting to know Jeremy and talking to him and then getting to know Bob,
having dinner with Bob and then getting Bob to come here and sit down.
And it was very hard to get him to come in very hard, very hard.
He was super nervous. He was getting migraines. He didn't want the,
he didn't want the scrutiny. And then meanwhile,
while he's doing Jeremy's documentary, they raid his business.
They raid his business and go through all this stuff. The FBI did,
they caught it all on video. It's all part like this is not just a regular guy.
They're going through all of his, his, his data that going through his, uh,
all of his emails. They, they confiscated his computers.
They didn't find anything he's, he's free and clear,
but they were looking for element one 15. He thinks,
cause he had some apparently and they had done some tests and there's video of
it with George Knapp, where they've got like there, they've got fog.
They're usually some sort of a fog machine there.
They're showing how this gives off a certain,
it gives off a certain field that makes it almost impossible to grab and touch.
And this fog is rejected by this field.
And what they were saying about that element is, and I'm a butcher this, uh,
I don't really understand the science, but this, this gravity,
intensifier this gravity multiplier, whatever the it is.
Gravity projection thing with that one 15, it distorts gravity.
And that's how these things are able to move through these insane, um,
through insane speeds and the way he described it as that, it's like,
if you had like a real cushy mattress,
real soft mattress and you put a massive bowling ball in the center of the
mattress, everything would just go zoom and bend around the bowling ball. Well,
that's what element one 15 with that craft.
And that propulsion system does to space time. It bends gravity.
It depends based on, I don't know the answer to this. I always walk.
Cause I've heard of that. Doesn't everything else get up.
They give you bending space time because everything else has kind of come closer
together. And I don't know. I don't.
Know. Maybe it doesn't, maybe it does. Maybe it doesn't, I don't know.
Maybe he just does it with whatever's around it.
And maybe we don't understand how space we know that gravity
bends things. Right. Get Ben's light. That's why, you know,
when you're looking at the sun, you can actually see things.
They can see things that are actually behind the sun because it was the massive
gravity of the sun. Cause it's so enormous.
It actually manipulates light. It bends it.
So you can see things that are actually behind it.
I want to know, like, I'm sure if you had near the grass, Tyson lunchtimes.
Yeah. He's fascinating. And a skeptic. Um,
and he's an interesting skeptic because he may, he, I mean,
he saw he can base it in what he knows or believe scientifically, but you know,
guy try it. Our show went at it with him, you know,
who went on Troy who's Troy. He's our, uh, he's a DJ.
And he's our like a guy who works our computers.
Wait, wait, Troy went out with Neil deGrasse Tyson. Oh yeah. About.
What? Because he thinks he's full of. Government agent and a hiding UFO is no,
it was great though. It was, it was a fun video. But Troy thinks that Neil is a,
is an agent, an agent that agent. But I mean like an agent, as in,
as in representing the point of view of the cover of Stan,
is he one of those flat earth guys? None at all.
He just thinks that he thinks that there's a UFO is there's a lot of things were
not being told. Um, but it was a great video that, uh,
but if they're not being told, do you think that they tell.
Strong numbers and astrophysicists,
do you think they'd tell guys like Neil deGrasse Tyson,
like why would they pull him aside? Hey,
Hey guy who works at the Hayden planetarium, we're gonna,
we're going to give you secrets.
And we met definitely want to make sure you don't tell them to people on the OPN
Anthony show. Troy thinks that he, uh.
He knows really? Yeah. Come on. Oh, it's legit. You know, he really does. Okay.
All right, Troy. But he's a, we always going back and forth.
Was it entertaining or did he get weird? He was okay with it.